Add mountable secrets to Fluentd (#166)
banzaicloud/logging-operator: docs/plugins/outputs/secret.md

```yaml
aws_key_id:
  value: "secretvalue"
```

## Define secret mount

There are cases when you can't inject secret into the configuration because the plugin need a file to read from. For this cases you can use `mountSecret`.

```yaml
tls_cert_path:
  valueFrom:
    mountFrom:
      name: <kubernetes-secret-name>
      key: <kubernetes-secret-key>
```

The operator will collect the secret and copy it to the `fluentd-output` secret. The fluentd configuration will contain the secret path.

**Example rendered configuration**
```
<match **>
    @type forward
    tls_cert_path /fluentd/etc/secret/default-fluentd-tls-tls.crt
    ...
</match>     
```

### How it works?

> Behind the scene the operator will mark the secret with an annotation. It will watches it for changes as long as the annotation is presented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Behind the scene the operator marks the secret with an annotation and watches it for changes as long as the annotation is present.
```
